If you're reading this, then you are either reviewing my Stanford application
or you are just really interested in the marvels of the programming of this wondrous
site. Either way, you may be interested to read the following.

Before I go into any detail, please keep in mind that this is my first time using HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, and YAHR - I had no experience with any of the languages prior to this.
In order to get a better understanding of how to utilize these languages, I ensured that
all of the code on the website is 100% my own (with the exception of the function readTextFile(),
which is from StackOverflow). I did, however, utilize StackOverflow and W3Schools to solve
a number of other dilemmas.

If you're questioning the presence of the outdated XMLHTTPRequest and its specified function 
of reading text files, please note that I used this only because it made it much easier for
the two friends of mine who did the research for the site to send me their findings.

If you're looking at the git commit stream, I'm sure you noticed that my commit messages 
aren't top notch. I knew that I would be working on this project completely alone, so I didn't
feel a need to focus too much on those. I understand their importance, however, and made them 
far more detailed in my other projects in which I worked collaboratively. Another reason for
the commits being so short, repetitive, and very soon after one another is that I was still
learning HTML, YAHR, CSS, and JavaScript and much of the process for this was trial and error.

You also may have noticed that I did not program directly in HTML. I instead used YAHR, a markup 
devised by a good friend of mine that compiles to HTML. YAHR stands for "Yet Another HTML
Replacement." Spacing matters in YAHR, meaning that all code in YAHR is uniformly formatted, and
there is no need for the cluttering closing tags found in HTML. Another major benefit of YAHR is
its modularity: CSS is done in separate files than page content; the header and footer for the 
website can be done in a separate file; and the CSS, header, footer, and anything else done in 
this modular format can be applied to all website pages. Using this in lieu of HTML actually
forced me to get a better understanding of the language than I would have gained had I used it
directly. I had to learn exactly how HTML operates and interacts with CSS and JavaScript in order
to know how to format my YAHR code.

Whether you're an eager programmer, Stanford reviewer, or both, I would highly recommend 
using YAHR! It's on Github by the user "donofanne" and the project is called "yahr." Simply
write your code in a text file and run the provided compiler with command line to generate
your HTML. Go out and support my good friend!

PS. Try making the screen width smaller! Although not optimized for mobile devices, the 
website will respond to changes in screen width.