Harry Hay
Born April 7th, 1912, Hay was one of the first gay rights activists in the united states and founder of the Mattachine society. He was a member of the communist party who encouraged him to hide his sexuality. In 1950 he, along with others, created the Mattachine society which sought to protect the rights of gay men in the united states.  Hay was eventually removed from the Mattachine society due to his communist affiliations. In 1969 Hay was elected the first chairman of the Los Angeles Gay Liberation Front. In 1979 Hay founded the radical faeries. Throughout the rest of his life Hay continued to support LGBT and other social justice movements. He died in 2002 at the age of 90.
Sexuality

Harvey Milk
Harvey Milk was a gay rights activists and one of the first openly gay elected officials in the United States. He was born may 22nd, 1930,  in Woodmere, New York. Milk held a variety of jobs in New York City until 1972 when he moved to San Francisco. In 1973 he ran for a seat on the San Francisco City-County Board. He Lost two times, once in '73 and again in '75, however he won the 1977 election and was inaugurated early january of 1978. Milk, along with the mayor of San Francisco at the time, George Moscone, was assassinated by former member of the board Dan White on November 27th, 1978.
Sexuality

Christine Jorgensen
Jorgensen was the first person to become widely known for receiving sexual reassignment surgery and brought up questions as to the rights of transgender people including her not being able to marry Howard Knox due to her birth sex being male. Jorgensen brought the plight of many transgender people to center stage and developed another field of LGBT movements.
Trans

Bayard Rustin
Born 1912, Rustin was a key figure for civil rights movements in the US in the 1960s Rustin served as an advisor to Martin Luther King Jr. and helped to organize the civil rights movement in the US, being the lead organizer for the 1963 march on washington. However, due to his sexuality was forced to take a less prominent role in the civil rights movement, instead working behind the scenes. In the 1980s, Rustin also began to openly advocate for LGBT rights
Misc

Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon
Martin and Lyon were an American lesbian couple best known for creating the lesbian magazine "The Ladder" and for  the founding of the lesbian organization, The Daughters of Bilitis. Martin and Lyon continued to be active in LGBT movements and to this day Lyon is still aiding the movement. The couple were married in 2004 however their marriage was voided by the California Supreme Court but were once again married in 2008 when the California Supreme Court reversed its decision.
Misc
